She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Let me help you with your baggage.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Love is not like pizza.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
Hit me with your pet shark!
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
She did her best to help him.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.